hello and welcome dear
youtube friends my name is serious and
this is another consequence of seriousness
say that to ogg format on Wednesday night
probably and today it's about that
theme donate yes and indeed that was
The topic is actually donating this week
relatively big topic and I became one
really written on in bulk
youtube on facebook is mine
pin board posted and so on and so on
And that's what it's all about
attributed to that youtube relative
regularly such creator blogs as like
lok brings out on youtube itself where
you quasi as content creators so so
as the youtuber does not create as
viewers can actually then look
what youtube intends to do in the near future
plans to think and so on and so forth
from time to time things were just like that
that in the future you will have your own
channel a bit better at
can manage smartphone that is namely
made quite shitty if you can
somehow video wants to switch public
or something and then it worked
of course, as always, the big one
theme money our beloved topic what
actually as good as in the meantime
every block I have so the
impression but really there so much in the
I thought I had asked night
Also say it is quite a suspension
meanwhile common and that was earlier
Not at all, for example
on such streaming portals as
twitter or hit box is the
appropriate streamer or youtuber
can send money
live at the stream you can tell what
Donate There is mostly via paypal
or paypal depending on how you like that
would like to pronounce it and then it will
even here below that fades in
means then your message then runs
picture and arises there has donated
euro 23 or mine is also 3000 euro
if her scary rich that was still
a few years ago i can believe myself
I remind that julias block the
ubiquitous julien that time 2011
had made that he did he say
People I like to have even better videos
I need better things for that
equipment better microphone i would like
travel through the world for you from there
Report I need money donate to me
what the julien video is
no longer had that
at that time still a relatively large one
Protective area triggered even before three
years
that now switched to private
you will find a bit like that
conclusion and feedback videos
but I could remember that
that was spitefully and I had me
then even wondered that that
Recently in a stream at one
Befriended youtuber saw that
the people have always donated something
and that people are really partial
have donated incredibly 150 euro where
I once laughed watts evag who gives
because now so much money for it
so far because youtube year for you
completely free so everything I have
earn everything every other youtuber
It is easy to earn over the
financed advertising and then I had
The other day I really say that
I had one three weeks ago
private message and maybe you are watching
you downright thought someone me
written
he just does not want to watch the advertising
had absolutely no bock on it he
think it was cool what I do
and he would like to support me though
there is a possibility admit me
support or something for me
donate and there is at the time
At the time I do not know if it is
At some point there will be on there
no case and I told him
if there wants to buy something about the
amazon left buy because I deserve
always a bit with grant it would be
just ok and it would not be him anymore
but in fact I was costing myself
already addressed whether it is the
Possibility to do so now I have that
on other portals read something like that
websites have reported gaming
magazine reported about it and there
what mostly a shitstorm that the
have said
the asylum it player we push
not just our money in ashes and such and
By the way, this gesture brings in everyone
video and there was the opinion so
relatively negative but I think I have
so a bit the impression that if
for example a very positive one
makes video or a very positive
youtuber is very very or very very nice
has close community and people want
waste and it can be like
50 cent euro or 2 euro or so
I believe that on youtube
would work
Of course the question is always why
youtube does that because youtube is now
not somehow a samaritan composite
or something like that but of course they want
I also make money with it
me now so at the moment the question what
earn the earning it
somehow the fees or comes there
but you have to do something else if you
two euros donate 20 cents
give youtube to google that knows im
not yet but it is mostly
have been so if the such features so
as announced in this creator video
have that relatively soon so
was built so I would use it
Really just still expect that in 2014
on youtube itself a tool a feature
will come where you have dementia
break the channel can send money
send me all the money i would like
from the bahamas , by the way, send and
So that will probably come there
Now my question to you is it
very reprehensible if someone donates
asks and what could be the consequences
that might have it that way
that you are an extremely horny exciting
let's play looks and suddenly
stop stop this let's play goes
only further if you together 555 euro
I have been donating until then
in the camera I do not know how long
there I will take you knows how fast
that could be broadcast live
But there are very positive aspects
But I always have it that way
negative picture really says yes to the
people if you are not 100 here
Donated there is also that
not the next video though the people
would probably go into it anyway
In fact, I find it is in the account
moment an interesting option
it would be easy for me
I wonder if that would hack me
if i say now hey there is one
donationsbutton everyone can donate
nobody has to donate anything
I think it is now for the moment that was for
Personally none at all
problematic I was extremely surprised
that's why so many people like me
have written because no one has to
what donate
nobody has to pay for a canal
and everyone can get their money from me too
home hoard until it is no longer
it's only about the people who like it
Anybody would do that
Support does not shine at all
just me but somehow a good one
project good video good youtuber and
if we want to do it, we can
make and because of full high
Subscriber number he can already at
small amounts just bigger
quantities come together with whom you
possibly finance great projects
can meet like a huge community
or what do I have to donate so yes
not just for being in
to rest in the future on the bahamas
and then report of palms waving
but maybe it will happen yes
so something really good and
you can do something with it and so
and that's why I actually think so
good that youtube installs that and that
not such external services
leaves a bit critical you have to
Nevertheless I stay above the topic
very curious about your opinion you can
me now in the
0 comments post yes that was it on
every case for today with the like lok on
Wednesday evening if you have more in the future
then you should have buck something like that
you just have this entire project with you
support thumbs up
instead of a donation and if you
that should not have done long ago
you can find one here in this area
subscribe -button otherwise linked
Of course I still left you right and left
two others follow from this format and
stay with Sirius until then
time out